Subtitling made possible
by RLJ Entertainment
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You don't need his approval.
You just want it.
What's the difference?
Well. most of what we
call needs are desires.
We need air to breath.
water. warmth. food to eat.
And speaking of which...
But the rest... love. approval.
recognition. praise. whatever...
They're desires.
So. what's sex?
Is that a need or a desire?
Hmm.
Well. both if
you're doing it right.
But don't you want children?
Of course I do.
So. then. you do want
marriage in the end?
I didn't know you
were so conventional.
There's a province
somewhere in China
where the Mosuo people live.
The head of the family is
a mother or grandmother.
and she controls
the family's finances.
Marriage doesn't exist.
Instead they practice
"walking marriage."
A woman can invite
a man into her hut
to spend a "sweet night."
but he has to be
gone by daybreak.
I'm up for that.
The Mosuo language has no
words for war. murder. or rape.
and there are no jails.
Think about it.
I'd be out of a job.
Hmm. as would I.
I have to take this.
We don't want this to turn into
an international custody battle.
We have to consider
the emotional well-being
of your children.
They're in France. and
I want them back ASAP.
- This is not acceptable.
- Look...
What the hell am
I paying you for?
I will go into the
office tomorrow.
Look. we need to
get this sorted now.
We can talk it through then.
I will ring you first thing.
- You better.
- Okay. Bye.
I should go.
It's Friday night.
Seems I have work to do.
What are you doing?
I've just got you a drink.
I've had two already.
That's my limit.
Three and I'm anyone's.
That's the plan.
Oh. I know. That's
why I'm going home.
I'm calling the police.
If you're still here.
you should go.
I'm calling the police!
Police officers!
We're entering
with weapons drawn.
If anyone is in the house. make
your presence known immediately.
Alpha Papa 1-0 to Uniform.
Checking the rear area now.
Police officer.
It's okay. There's no one here.
Okay.
Daddy?
Where have you been?
What are you doing out of bed?
I was frightened.
I woke up. and you weren't here.
I just popped out. Just
to the all-night shop.
Why?
To get some headache pills.
We have headache pills.
Mummy keeps them
up in the bathroom.
I've just been five minutes.
No. you haven't.
You've been ages.
I called your phone.
I didn't take it with me.
Come here.
What's in your bag?
Just some stuff from the shop.
I tried to ring Mummy.
but I got her number wrong.
I'm sorry.
I promise I won't go and
leave you again. okay?
Cross my heart and hope
to die. Only don't tell Mummy.
She'll be cross.
With me?
No. no. with me.
Kiss Mac.
Is this your underwear?
Yes.
Oh. my God!
Is that yours. too?
Yes.
And you didn't just leave
these things on the bed yourself?
No. I...
No.
Where have you been
this evening. Sarah?
Out with some colleagues
in the city center.
And what do you do for a living?
I'm a solicitor.
And you've been drinking?
Just some wine.
How much wine. Sarah?
No sign of forced entry.
Who else has keys to the house?
My sister. she has keys.
And she wouldn't have
done this? As a joke?
What? No.
No boyfriend who has keys?
No.
An ex? Could have kept keys?
Um. I don't know.
I see you have a cat.
Yeah.
The cat couldn't have. I
don't know. been on the bed?
Have you checked the
loft? Can you check the loft?
Is anything missing?
Where was the underwear kept?
The underwear is here
in these top two drawers.
The other thing is in the
bedside cabinet drawer.
I think...
maybe some underwear's gone.
Loft is clear.
Oh.
It's a client.
Isn't it rather late for that?
Yeah. it is.
I think maybe
you should just go.
I... I have to be up in the
morning to deal with this.
I really appreciate you
coming. but I need to sleep.
If you're worried. you should
stay with a family member.
a friend.
Yeah. yeah. I'll call my sister.
Just make sure you
don't drive anywhere.
I won't.
If you're not sure who
might still have keys.
you should change the locks.
I will. Thank you.
Sorry. I just want to go to bed.
We've checked the premises
and surrounding area.
No intruder located.
We've given assurances
we'll pay passing attention
throughout the night.
What?
Could it have been the cat?
She's drunk.
That's her excuse. What's yours?
You could have
warmed my side for me.
Why would I do that?
You horrible man.
Would that be Detective
Superintendent Gibson?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Then that would be me.
Stella.
Nice to see you.
Armored car. Jim?
Welcome to Belfast.
He's a good man.
Very experienced.
First and foremost. we want
to progress the investigation.
We don't want a trial by audit.
I've done 28-day
reviews before. sir.
Not here you haven't.
Things are different here.
What?
All that my Jesus is better
than your Jesus stuff?
Policing is political
here. Stella.
And it isn't at the Met?
The victim's ex-father-in-law
is a Unionist M.P.
Morgan Monroe.
Unionist M.P.. ex-lawyer.
a chair of the Independent
Policing Executive.
I haven't walked in
here totally unprepared.
Good.
We have nothing. Stella.
The killer is out
there somewhere.
and we have nothing at all.
This is Detective
Superintendent Gibson.
She's seen your file.
so I'll let you make
your own introductions.
Garrett Brink.
Pleased to meet you.
Is there anything you need?
Is that coffee?
It's actually hard to tell.
I'll risk a cup.
I'll have your case
taken to your hotel.
Thank you. sir.
It's been three months.
and I haven't even
stepped into his room.
A can of Coke he had the
day before is still sitting there.
You know. at first. they
thought it was a virus.
You've told him before.
Gave him paracetamol.
By the time they put him
on antibiotics. it was too late.
The boy told the
doctors he felt better.
He'd have said anything
to be allowed to go home!
Are you eating?
Not really.
How are things in the bedroom?
Before they took him away.
I painted his hands and his feet
and made prints.
Three other people are
living because of him.
A little boy regained his
sight because of our Daniel.
That's something.
It's almost like
he's still living.
Somewhere his heart is beating.
Come in.
Jerry McElroy.
You asked to see me.
Come in. Jerry.
I'm Detective
Superintendent Gibson.
Ma'am.
This is DCI Brink.
who I think you know.
Jerry and I go way back.
Have a seat.
I've been brought in from
the Metropolitan Police
to lead a review
into the investigation of
the murder of Alice Monroe.
Yes. ma'am.
As the senior investigating
officer on that case. Jerry.
we want to work closely with you
to advance the
investigation if we can.
not to find fault.
If any problems are
identified through review.
you will be notified immediately
so that remedial action
can be taken if possible.
I see.
I will be looking at the
investigative response...
The initial actions
at the scene.
information gathering. witness
and suspect management.
together with forensic issues...
Exhibit management
and submission.
And I'm going to be
looking at record keeping...
Document management.
action administration...
Together with communications...
Internal. external. and
with the victim's family.
We will. in time.
read all documentation
relating to the inquiry.
To that end.
I will need your policy
book and your action book.
Yeah. I have them here.
Any questions?
I feel so alone.
Have you anything to say. Jimmy?
Of course he doesn't.
Sitting there.
The hard man.
Useless waste of space.
Men and women express
grief differently. Liz.
Try not to make comparisons.
How long am I going
to feel like this. Paul?
How things are in the bedroom
is none of your
fucking business.
I'm sorry if you're
uncomfortable with the question.
"Uncomfortable" doesn't
even begin to cover it.
My wife says it comforts her
to think of our dead
son giving life to others.
How does it make you feel?
How does it make me feel?
His heart beating in
some Taig's chest?
It makes me feel sick.
I've done things.
Bad things. In the past.
Really bad things.
And my son has paid the price.
Your son had bacterial
meningitis. Jimmy.
An illness. that's all.
You don't believe a son has
to pay for the sins of his father?
No. I don't.
Don't you believe in God?
Jimmy. let me go.
Answer me.
Of course I believe in God.
And Jesus Christ. too.
I have seen angels ascending
and descending Jacob's Ladder.
Is that what you want to hear?
It makes no odds
what I believe. Jimmy.
It's what you
believe that matters.
Now let me go.
What kind of name
is Spector. anyway?
It's Russian.
Jewish.
That explains a lot.
Daddy. look what I found!
Where did you get that?
You're not supposed
to pick things.
It was on the floor.
I'm not lying.
Give it to me.
Come on.
Hey.
Hey. You all right?
Shall we sit?
How much do I grow every night?
I don't know. A
little bit probably.
But you know you only grow
if you go to sleep
straightaway at bedtime
and you stay
asleep all night long.
You should have called me.
I didn't want to wake you.
I didn't want to wake Lucy.
I'm your sister
for Christ's sake.
You should have come over.
I was tired.
I'd had a couple
of glasses of wine.
Even so.
I've been thinking. who
might still have keys?
Nobody now. I got
the locks changed.
The front anyway.
The back door needs
replaced. apparently.
I'm glad I'm 8.
It's the oldest I've
been in my entire life.
Why don't you stay with us.
at least until the
back door's done.
I can't. I have too
much work to do.
Shall we go? Come on.
Oh. gosh. you're heavy.
Tell me about the
three billy goats.
Once upon a time...
Oh. it's the best smell
in the whole world.
There's no evidence of
any defensive wounds.
Maybe she was too fearful
or thought co-operation
would make things better
or he overpowered her
so she didn't have a
chance to fight back.
But whatever. he had things
entirely under his control.
Which leads me to think that
this was not his first murder.
Now. the pathologist reports
extensive petechial hemorrhages
that suggest that the killer
tightened and loosened his grip
around her throat
over a period of 45
minutes to an hour.
I was part of a review team.
Now. this was
actually a 7-day review.
and I remember the
pathologist on that case making
the same observation.
When was this?
Three months ago.
It was felt at the time.
still is. as far as I know.
that the killer was
known to the victim.
She had. at the time of her
death. more than one boyfriend.
Boyfriend one was
quickly eliminated.
Boyfriend two left the
country. fled. disappeared.
He remains the prime
suspect. I believe.
A white professional woman?
A teacher at the university.
In her early 30s?
Posed after death?
Only if you call being stuffed
in the bedroom closet posed.
What was her name?
Fiona Gallagher.
The essence to a committed
relationship is exclusivity.
Physical and emotional.
Anything that impinges on
that is cheating and harmful.
Jesus. you should have
your own daytime TV show.
I mean. what is it. £20 a dance?
That's money you could
have spent on your kids
or on me even!
Well. maybe you shouldn't
go through my pockets.
Seven years of marriage.
Seven years of
marriage and now this.
Jesus. Nothing
happens in those places.
It's just flirting.
Oh?
That's the name you give
to somebody pushing their
silicone tits in your face?
It is! It's flirting!
The promise of something
that will never. ever happen.
Yeah. only because
no laptop dancer
would ever have you.
Lap dancer.
What?
Not laptop.
Lap dancer.
Looking isn't cheating.
It's just fantasy.
It's your own fault
for getting caught.
You should have
destroyed the evidence.
Not helpful.
Same again?
Excuse me?
Is this your purse?
Yeah. it is.
It was on the floor.
Oh. thank you so much.
Hi.
How were they?
Fine.
Did you have a nice evening?
Very nice.
Four hours?
Thank you.
Paul will walk you home.
English. I like.
Art.
I love music.
I'm a singer.
What sort of singer?
I posted a couple
of clips online.
Really?
You should take a look.
Maybe I will.
Where can I find you?
Oh. no. I'm not
telling you that.
If you want to see them.
you're going to
have to work at it.
Track me down.
I'm worth it.
You look different.
From when you last baby-sat.
That was months ago.
Yes.
I've had my braces removed.
Thank you for walking me home.
What's the matter with you?
Hmm? You been fighting?
It's okay. Olivia.
It's okay. darling.
Mummy's coming.
Mummy!
Shh. It's okay.
It's all right.
Just another bad dream.
It's okay.
Shh.
Mummy?
It's okay. Mummy's here.
It's all right. Come here.
It's all right.
It's just a bad dream.
It's okay. Shh. shh. shh.
- Mummy.
- It's okay. Shh.
It's all right. Mummy's here.
Shh.
It's okay.
It's all right.
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
Shh.
How is she?
Hey. are you asleep?
No.
How is she?
Did you tell her that
she wouldn't grow
if she didn't sleep
all night through?
You need to be careful
what you say to her.
She's been having
night terrors for months.
What I said has
nothing to do with it.
She doesn't like being teased.
Especially not by her daddy.
I just wish I knew what
was going on in her mind
when she's like that.
No one knows what's going
on in someone else's mind.
And life would be
intolerable if we did.
I hope I'm not keeping
you from church.
Already been.
I brought you in to progress
the Monroe investigation.
You need a new and
substantial line of inquiry.
and linking these two
murders would give you one.
We already have a prime
suspect in the Gallagher case.
Patrick Warwick.
His brother provided DNA
which is a familial match
to the DNA gathered
at the crime scene.
That doesn't mean it
was the killer's DNA.
She was in a
relationship with Warwick.
So there's no real surprise
that his sperm was
found in her esophagus.
If he didn't kill her.
then why has he fled?
I don't know.
There was no
sign of forced entry.
so it was assumed that she
knew the killer and let him in.
But I think that
assumption is false.
It was treated as a
self-solver from the off.
and I think that's wrong.
Alice Monroe was
found posed in her bed.
Gallagher stuffed
into a cupboard.
The postmortem interval
puts the time of death
at an hour before
she was discovered.
She called her boyfriend
and told him she was
going out with friends.
He came home after
work at 1:30 in the morning.
assumed that she was
still out. and called her.
Her phone rang in the closet.
He went to look and found
her stuffed inside. dead.
Now. one possibility is that
the killer was still with her
when the boyfriend came
home and disturbed him.
So he shoved her in
the cupboard and fled.
I just don't buy it.
This would account for the
three months between this murder
and the killing of Alice Monroe.
It didn't go as
planned with Gallagher.
and it spooked him.
And so when he struck again.
he made sure that he did it right.
Two professional
women in their early 30s
killed in their own
homes by strangulation.
I mean. look. they
could be sisters.
The strangulation
marks are different.
Yes. the marks
might be different.
but both of them have
extensive petechial hemorrhages.
which indicates that
he strangled them.
released. and then
strangled again.
over and over.
So now you're adding
torture into the mix?
Well. it might be sadism
or it might just be that
his hand lacks strength.
I mean. you try it.
Go on. grab my wrist. See
how long you can grip it.
No. thank you.
It's amazing how
quickly your hand tires.
Stop for God's sake.
I mean. how long
was that? 30 seconds?
Go back to your review. Stella.
I don't want the
two murders linked.
♪ Rain clouds are moving
across an empty sky ♪
♪ Leaving their shadow
on my sleepless eye ♪
♪ Crying and hoping
that soon will be our day ♪
Paul?
Yes?
We need you down here.
♪ Now that I love you ♪
♪ Do you think
that it will end? ♪
♪ I was above you ♪
♪ We were just friends ♪
♪ Now that I've found you ♪
Daddy!
♪ It won't take long ♪
What's up?
Ready when you are.
♪ You'll lose your time when
you're racing for the light ♪
♪ Seems like a wind-up.
we're ready to go ♪
♪ Get ready to go ♪
♪ Your time is coming ♪
Daddy. look!
Look. Daddy. look!
♪ You're taking over ♪
♪ Looking over your shoulder ♪
How did it go with Burns?
He didn't buy it.
Maybe just as well.
There's no way
this team could cope
with the increased
workload of linked inquiries.
There are probably 200
statements. documents.
officers' reports waiting
to be read and actioned.
Recommend increasing
technical support staff.
Failure to see that crimes
are linked... linkage blindness.
It's the thing that will allow
the killer to strike again.
We refuse to
recognize the series.
and he carries on regardless.
I didn't sell it hard
enough. Garrett.
I'm off.
Wait.
How you manage to listen
to people whining all week
in your day job
and then volunteer
to listen to them whining
all night on the phone.
I'll never know.
This from a neonatal nurse?
All those crying babies.
The babies I look after
are too small to cry.
Crying would be great. Crying
means they're getting better.
I'm gonna hit you.
Maybe you should visit
me at work sometime.
Maybe I should.
Say good night to the kids.
Good night. you two.
Night. Daddy!
I'll see you in the morning.
Mummy. I need you!
Yeah. See? I told you.
Mary.
I wonder if I can book you
to look at the Exhibits
store tomorrow morning.
Yes. ma'am.
And I'm going to need
a lift back to the hotel.
We're free. ma'am.
Good.
Finish your food.
I'll wait in reception.
Is it Glen?
Yes. ma'am.
DCI McElroy is doing
a violent crime analysis
of the last five years.
Could you ask him to
also include break-ins
where valuables were ignored
but items of clothing.
underwear. clean or
soiled. were taken?
Underwear. yes. ma'am.
Who's that?
James Olson. Detective Sergeant.
Introduce us.
What's going on. Sergeant?
There's been a shooting in
a house about a mile away.
A car was stopped
just up along there.
We found guns and
arrested three men.
Just waiting on the dogs.
Explosives?
This is Detective
Superintendent Gibson.
She's here to review
the Monroe investigation.
Oh. right.
DS Olson. Nice to meet you.
It's drugs.
The deceased was
well-known to us.
Will the review take long?
A week. maybe more.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
Very nice.
Room 203.
James!
Oi!
Good luck with your arrests.
I think we might have fucked up.
What?
- How?
- Did you not hear her?
What?
Robberies where items
of underwear were taken.
Sarah Kay.
We should have
moved her out of there.
Put her in a hotel.
Called in CSIs.
Jesus. the woman
more or less told us to go.
I think we should take a look.
Detective Superintendent
Stella Gibson?
Ned Callan. Belfast Chronicle.
Can I have a word?
Not at the moment. no.
Not even off the record?
There's no such
thing. as you well know.
Did I invite you to sit down?
I don't think so.
So. call the police.
How did you find me here?
It's a small city. Stella.
It's not easy to hide.
Unless. of course. you're
the murderer of Alice Monroe.
Oh. God.
You really are a
journalist. aren't you?
So. why bring someone
in from the outside?
That looks remarkably
like a vote of no confidence
in the PSNI and
its ability to run
an internal murder investigation
review. don't you think?
What have you found so far?
Staggering levels
of incompetence?
Mr. Callan. no one
knows better than me
how important the media is
as an investigative resource.
but. really and truly.
you should fuck off. now.
You have my card.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Nothing.
This is a message for Sarah Kay.
Sarah. this is PC
Danni Ferrington.
I'm calling from
outside your house.
If you are there. it is
the police at the door.
I was hoping to speak with you
to follow up on the incident
that occurred on Friday.
Please ring the number I gave
you when you get this message.
Perhaps she did go
stay with her sister.
Subtitling made possible
by RLJ Entertainment
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org